92 rou—raa.

Ferrum-instituted, settled, appointed, established, based,
grounded, originated, fixed.

' Fuerunt—spring, source, original.

chrrou-part, piece, portion, aliquot, moiety, division,
share, fragment, section.

Fmorunu—breech, rupture, contusion, crush, separation.
Fmemn-hnttle, weak, frail, slight, frangible.
Fauenauou—smell, scent, odour, pertume‚ sweetness
Fateatur—sweet, odorouS, odoriferous, ambrosiai, persumed.
Furit-fragile, hrittle, weak, slight, frangible.

. merr-weakness, infirmity, imperfectiori, failing, foible.

inim-fit, unite, adjust, make, fabricate, compose, regulatur,
shape, conform, contrive, invent, plan, devise.

hanun-open, free, ingenuous, candid, artless, unreserved,
communicative, sincere, honest, plain.

Fnaununss—sincerity, candour, honesty, plainness.

Fhmtssrc-ffiad, raving, furious, outrageous, distracted, dis-
aug

Fmrnraurrr—brotherhood, confraternity, company, society,
or er.

Fnaun-deceit, deception, trick, artifice, strategem, guile,
cheat, imposition.

Fatununuur—counterfeit, deceitful, imposing, deceptive,
crafty, wily, cunning, circumventive, subtle.

Fnar-affray, quarrel, broil, contest, altercation.
Fauen-whim, fancy, caprice, prank.

Fere-exempt, clear, familiar, easy, unconfined, unreserved,
unconstrained, liberel, genereus bountiful, munificent,
unrestrained, frank, candid, ingenuous, gratmtous, gratis.

To Facu—liberate, affranchise, emancipato, enfranohise,
manumit, loose, dehver, rescue, save, preserve.

mnenon-liberty, independence, unrestraint, famiharity,
exemption, privilege, hheration, emancipation, affran-
chisement, franchise, immunity, lieense.
Fuerunt-cam, lead, burthen, lading.

Firmanus-common, customary, usual, generat, ordinary,
repeated, often, continual.

To Ferocem-risit, haunt, resort

 

