98 eoo-erl.

unimpeeched, uncorrupted, undemnged, perfect, vnlid,
dm, sound, proper, fit, convenient, adopted, entire, com-
plete, just, right ,
Goonnnss-cherity, benevolence, beneficence, kindness, be
nignity, greciousness, tendemess, liberality, generosity,

humsnity, mercy, compassion, favour, eourtcsy, effability,
affection, equity, velidity, justice, soundness.

Goons—fumiture, chettels, moveubles, effects, neres, commo-
diues, merchundise, stoek, personelty.

(lentiscus—magnificent, splendid, showy, fine.

Gor—sttcined, ecqnired, possessed, gained, obtained, nocom-
plished, procured, reulised, won, effected.

Govnnunn-controlled, directed, reguluted, restrained, in-
fluenced‚ managed, ruled, empire, kingdom, stete, people.

Govnnnnnur—rule, control, restraint, management, direction,
reguletion, administration, constitution, minisny.

linceis—favour, kindness, good-will, beneficenee‚ mercy, per-
on.

Gnrcnrun-elegent, egreeeble, comely, beautiful becoming,
fine, lovely, attractive, hsndsome, sinteble, befitting.

(tencrone-kind, fcvourcble, benevolent, merciful, benignsnt,
ἕξὲὲξὲεᾱεὶῗὲαω, tender, courteous, uffoble, indulgent, con-

Geinum-progressive.

Gneus—mejestic,megiste1ial,stctely, pompous, august, dig-
nified, lofty, elevcted, exelted, splendid, magnificent,
sublime, noble, great, famous,illnstrious,p1incipnl, chief,
mein, first, primery, importent.

(ineundus-pomp, magnificence, splendcur, perede, display,
ostentation, dignity, elevation, sublimity, greetness.

Genus-gift, boon, ellowcnce, stipend, pensicn, concession,¹
permission, supply.

Το Gucnr-bestow, confer, admit, cede, concede, allow, give,
yield, permit, offord, supply, furnish.

Gener-gripe, seize, embruce catch,snetch, clutch, comprise,
. contum.

Gedru-nib, crumble, wear, offend, vex, initote, fret, mortify.

&namne-berse discordent, unpleescnt, reugn, rugged,dis-
aeteeeble, dissonant, growling.

 

