,cru—cns. 2⁰

Cmcuusnacr-cautious, prudent, wary, watchlul, discreet,
judicious‚ thoughtlul, carelul, particular, deliberate.

Gmcuusrncrrcu—caution, prudence, warlness, watchllrlness,
discretion, carellilness, deliberation.

Gmcuusrxxcn-event, occurrence, accident, incident, adven-
ture, casualty, fact, situation, position.

OmcgusrxxcpZt-staticn, condition, situation, rank, post,
egree,s e.

(imcuusrxxnxn—particular, precise, minute, exact, explicit,
express.

Gna—call, summon, enjoin, direct, quote, refer tc, advanoe,
allege, adduce, neme.

Cum-courteous, obliging‚ complaisant, affable, kind, gentle,
conciliating, condescending, mild, polite.

Crvnxrx-courtesy, politeness, complaisance, affability, ur-
banity, courteousness, reflncment

Grvmzmou-culture, cultivation, retinement, reclamation.

(imur-demand, maintain, essert, require, protension‚ right,
ask, nequest, desire, assumption.
Cmuztrrpnssplilste, cutcry, nproar‚ exclamation, vociferation,
, .

Ouuounous-loud, noisy, turbulent, tumultuouS‚ blustering,
vehement, vociferous.

Craxnnsrrxn-secret, private, hidden, concealed, unrevealed,
disgxused, dissembled.

Gassfflmg, embrace, press, comprise, shut, fasten, inclcse,
c .

Crass—order, rank, gradc, degree, division, arrangement,
kind, species, sort, genus.

Cassum—arrange, distribute, regulate, ranlr, class, aeliust,
dispose, digest, range.

cmxxs1xc-puntying‚ purging, healing, abluent, abstergent.

cmxx-pure, clear, unpolluted, spotlass, untamished, un-
sullied, purified, bright, cleansed.

Casan-open, l'ree, obvious, manifesti xmobscured, plain,
exidcut, distinct, conspicuous, unclcuded, lumincus, fair,
lucid, bright, uuobstructed, undeniable, indisputable,
innocent, unspotted, irreproaclxeble, liberaterl, freed,
acquittcd, exonerated‚ exculpated, explicit, perspicuous,
apparent, visible, limpii, transpcreut, simple.

 

