,ἑ

38 ‘conr-corvo.

Gonrruns-limits, boundcries, frontiers, borders, edges,
extent, extremes, bounds.

Conrfimu—corrobomte, secure, settle, establish, strengthen,
X.

Gourmcr—bettle, fight, combet, contest, contention,st1ife,
collision, opposition, duel, engagement.

Conronn-comply, yield, obey, assent, accede, acquiesce,
accord, concur, resemble, harmonise.

Gcurcurlum—correspondent, similar, like, ogreeoble, suit-
cble, consistent, meet, adopted, convenient, accordant,
compilant, submissive, obedient, befitting, becoming. ,

Oourcnulrrcu-form, figure, structure, make, shape.

Consonus—perplex, terrify, dismay, astonish, disconcert,
cbcsh, cshume, mix, mingle, blend, confuse, diserrange,
unsettle, displace, dercnge, emberrass, bewilder, en·
tengle, disturb.

Cournorr—oppose, foce.

Gouruss-perplerr, conlound, entangle, disconcert, abach,
shcme, unsettle, disploce, discompose, disorder.

Gourosnn-raveHed, entcngled, involved, intricate, complex,
mixed, confounded, indistinct, indiscrimincte, disordered,
derenged, complicoted, blended, discrrenged, cbashed,
ashcmed, perplexed, disconcerted, embarrassed, bevil-
dered, irregulcr.

Consors-oppose, disprove, refute, overthrow, oppugn.
Couemrumrx-compliment, felicitate, fictter, praise, rej0ico.

Concursum—assemble, unite, gether, collect, muster,
accumulate, cmcss. .

Conenuoos-compctible, conformable, consonent, recordant,
cgreecble, suitcble, befitting.

Ooursorunn-guem, supposition, idea, surmise.
Consors-unite, connect, join, associate, leogue, combine.

consecrer—related, conjoined, joined, united, relative,
relevant, consecutive, adjoining, contiguous.

Coruncrros-union, intercourse, communication, commerce,
family, association, body, affinity, relction, relacionship,
combination, compact.

Goucmn—vonquish, cvercome, subdue, reduce, subjugate,
surmount, preveil, defeat, vrin.

 

