AFF-AGG. 7

Arrncrno—pompous, ostentatione, assumed, pretended, cr-
rogout, usmped, gn'eved, distressed, sorry, troubled,
sensible, sympathy, compessicnste.

AFfssqffJqu'movmg’ impressive, touching, pathetic, tendsr,
prm e.

Armenoc-attachment, love, kindness, fondness, passion,
desire, inclinatior, propensity, devotion, regard.

Arrncrrcuurn-kind, leving, fond, worm, tender, heorty,
fervent, intense, ardent, gentle, greciouS, effcble.

Arnum-relation, allience, agreement, conformity, resem-
blance, connection, relationship‚ kindrcd.

Arnon-essert, declam, tell, essme, asseverate, ever, prc-
test, pronounce, publish, procleim, announce, state.

Arrrncr—grr'eve, distreus, trouble, horass, pain, huri, effect,
weuud, move, mortify, perplex, vex, disquiet
Arr1.unucrr-weulth,richeS, opuleuce, abundante, plenty.

· mmfyiem} produce, impert, give, confer, besteis, pre-
sen ,gron .

Arroni—tumult, disturbence, quarrel, breul, feud, niterer-
tion, contest, commoneo, not, uprcer.

Arrncur—-indignity, insult, outrage, ill-treatment, ebuso,
oricum, provocation, imitation.

ῃ Arrun—seor, dread, apprehend, feorstil, timcrcus, timid,

apprehensum, cowordly, destordly, pusillcmmous.

' Aen—time, period, generation, dete, ere, epoch, century,
maturity, oldness‚ senility, moment

Aeno-old, elderly, senile, senior, older, decrepit, effeto,
ancient, antique, entiqucted, obsolete.

Ausum-action, operation, instrumentality expedient, alter-
native, resource, medium, means, management, office,
employment, occupatiori, way, manner, method, mode,
course.

nourr-aeter, operator, instrument, course, substitute, de-
puty, octor.

Aoouui'uru-inoreese, heighten, mise, exasperato, initote,
infirme, excite, incense, enrege, stimulate, incite, prc-
soke, tentalise.

Aucunssrou-cttnck, invasion, esscult, injury, offense, irrup-
tiou, encrocchment, provocation, insult.

 

