unu-cnn. 26

crunon-concern, mgnrd, care, cerefulness, circumspectiou,
prudence, solicitude, wuriuess, watchsulness, notice,
advice, udmoniti0n‚ wmning, precept, injunction, exhor·
tstion.

Gnurrous-oereful, worp, watchtul, prudent, circumspect,
unare, attentius, mindful‚ hcedful, guarded, discreet.

Oromousnr-wisely, judiciously‚ prudently, circumspeody,
discreetly, sugely.

Cursu-desim, ubstein, quit, stop, discontinue, end, forbeer,
uithhold reiioin, hold, rest, deluy.

Cremo-cessation, discontinuunce, sacedon, intermission,
pauso.

(interpres-incessunt, continued, unintermitting, perpetual,
endless, constent.

Onon-l-i-yieldhsurrender, give up, concede, deliver, grant,
re nqms .

Gnnnnmrn—prsise, extol, commend, ¹honour, distinguish‚
commemorate.

cumcurm-famous, noted, distinguished, renowned, iilus-
trious, praised, ortussest, honoured, eminent, notorious.

Cunulpnmu-fume, renoun, reputetiom notoriety, eminente,
onour. , ,

Cunnum-quickness, speed, relocity‚ floetness, rapidity,
swistness, activity, nimbleness, briekness, expedition,
despatch, agility, pmmptness

Cumarum-heuvemy, ungeiic, divino.

Gnusunn—blume, reproach, reprooss condemnation, unimod-
version, stricture, disupprovsi‚ disupprobution, reprovul,
reprehension, repmbution‚ upbruiding, objection, eom·
plnint, entire, irony, sunonem, criticism.

To cnusunn-blnme, reprore, reprehend, reprimund, 're-
proach, upbmid, condemn, reprobate.

crannonem-formal, precise, exact, mothodicul, stiff.
Cunnuouu-form, observando, rito, fushion.

Currus—indubituble‚ unquestionuble, sure, true, undoubted,
undeuiuble, doubdom, secure, unssiling, insullible, stated,
fixed, determinate, regular, reni, octuni, positive, true,
incontestoble, instiuguhle.

 

