112 rut-mc.

Innrrnurron-neglect, negligence, carelessness, remissness,
indifference, apethy, unconcern, oversight, inedvertence,
omiss1on.

Iusrrnrrrrn—negligent, careless, madvertent, heedlesS, re-
gardlesS, remise, absent, abstructed, neglectful, thought
leco, unconcemed.

Iucsmnffi-incdequcte, insufficient, unequcl, incompetent,
une e.

Iuclomous—imprudent, rcsh, careless, thoughtlesS, heedless,
, improvident, indiscreet, inconsiderate.

lucrum-excite, initote, provoke, exaspercte, hect, fise,
inflame, emerge, incite, stimulate. ’

Incursurus-perpetual, unceusing, unremitting‚ unintermitted,
uninterrupted, continual.

Inonsslurnr—continuully, always, constently, perpetually,
ever.

Iucmnrr-circumstence, fact, event, occurrence, adventure,
accident, cusuulty, contingency.

ImtiEnNTALt-casw’ occidental, occasionel, fortuitous‚ con-
gen

Iucrrn-rincense, animate, encourage, irritcte, provolre, exas-
percte, rouse, move, stir, excite, stimulate, urge, aggra-
vete.

Iucrrrnnur-motive, impulse, incentive, inducement, reason.

IucwmrrY-rudeness, impoliteness, uncourteousness.

Ircnssnrur-rude, harsh, severe, unmerciful, rough, stormy,
oisterous.

locustinos-disposition, tendency, propensity, bent, bias,
{repossessiom predilection, proueness, temper, mood,
rome.

Instruis—lead, tend, bend, leon.

Iuouosr-surround, confine, shut in, include, environ, en-
compcsS, circumscribe, limit, bound.

Insignis-confine, hold, contcin, comprise, comprehend, em·
rece.

Iucoflunuur-loose, unconnected, incongruous, inconsistent,
incompatible, discordent.

Iroonuonn-mconvenience, disturb, molest, trouble, enncy.
mmmmm-inconsistent, irreconcileeltledncongrous,con-

croy.

 

