coum-cour. , 33-

Comus-note, oommentary, gloss, elucidation, annotau'on,
notice, remark, observation.

Conuenae-intercourse, interchange, communication, trado,
traffia, dealing, business

Couuanoran-mercantile, trading.
Couursaaarrou-pity, sympathy‚ compassion, condolendo.
To conn1ss1ou-empowar, authorise‚ deputa, appoint

Couulrlr-effoot, perpetrata, do, antrust, confide, consign,
c arga.

Oouuonmus—suitabla convenient, fit, proper, usedrl, apt,
handy, spacious, capaoiouS‚ roomy.

chuonmas-goods, warns, merchandise, stook.

Carruca-vulgar, ordinary, usual, tinguent, low, maan,
general, publio, customary.

Carmanos-tumult, agitation, dicordet, diatmbance‚ excite-
ment, row, uproar, broil.

Gouuumcara-puinsh, reveal, discloae, prcolaim, divdge,
discover, impert, promulgate.

Cortuumcmva-stank, unreserved, dee, open.

Gouuumoarron-correspondenoc, commarca, disclusum, re-
velation, intercourse, interchange.

Gouumou-t'ellowship, agreement, association, aniame,
converse.

Gounnurrs-commonwealth, society, association, assembly. .

Goumara-erchange, bertar, substitute, interchange, rccip-
rocate‚ atone, compensate, abridge.

cortraco—allianoe, contraot, oovenant, agreement, close,
dense, thick, solid, hard, massiva, firm.

Conamen-associate, comrade, consort, partirer, ally, con-
sederate, accomplice, coadjutor, colleague, acquaintance,
ffiend, associate.

Conantur—association, corporation, society, pertnership,
community, combination, confederacy, union, coalition,
league, ailianae, assemblage, assembly, group, crowd,
congregation, troop, crew, gang, dionds, acquaintance,
associates.

Conl’aartaou-similitude, illustration, simile, likeness, simi-
an y.

d

 

